okay so today I'm going to show you how
to shrink down one of the Rings from the
book shrink shrunk shrunk all you'll
need is your cut out from your template
one of our ring manuals and a basic heat
tool okay so using your mandrel to hold
the piece in place if you start heating
from one side to the other making sure
you heat it nice and evenly it's like
doesn't all just buckle up and stick to
itself
once it shrunk you justify a nice even
amount of heat over the piece
and quickly wrap it around your mandrel
this can be quite hot so if you are
finding it's pretty hot just use pair of
heat proof gloves first time you do it
you might find it's a bit misshapen but
luckily it will take one more drinking
so again pop it back onto your mandrel
usually torch them it's nice and evenly
over the ring
and then give it another squeeze just
hold it in place until it cools and
there you go